So let's talk about objectives really
quickly because these are a series of
smaller targets that have to be
hit in order to reach the goal.
Okay, so
let's walk through this really quickly.
A definition of a goal is something
you try to achieve usually long term,
actions, advance progress
in a very general sense.
There are several ways to reach a goal.
Specific outcomes aren't necessary.
I don't agree with that.
But understood I wanted to include it,
because there is awareness that there
are several ways to reach a goal.
And that's how we are defining
strategy on an ongoing basis.
Goal, characterized as a change
of direction that will ultimately
lead to a desired outcome.
Okay, let's differentiate
that from objectives.
A specific result that a person or
system aims to achieve within a time
frame and with available resources.
So oftentimes,
our objectives are projects, okay.
Time frame is a series of smaller
steps along the way to achieving
a long-term goal.
The objectives are very specific and
measurable where a target is established.
That's a success metric, okay?
Sometimes, the target equals delivered or
done.
And then objectives tend to be actions
aimed at accomplishing a certain task.
All right, why do I have all these lines?
Okay, so here's an example of a goal and
objectives.
So Amanda Gobble answered the top
state related questions for
all Minnesota citizens.
Objectives, we have to prioritize and
conduct research on our website audiences.
That's an objective.
We have to create a website governance
plan to ensure ongoing adherence to
audience needs, also an objective, okay?
So goals tend to control objectives.
And an objective can modify a goal, for
example, if we end up doing the research
and we find out that what people actually
want is a travel brochure on mn.gov.
But that also never happens, okay?
All right, and then we get into tactics.
Tactics are what most of us have
our heads down in every single day.
And that is what it means to have a job.
It is the opportunity to sort of step back
and think from a strategic perspective
is many times a luxury for a lot of us.
Even I see at like the VP level, a lot of
times VPs are so heads down in email or
in meetings 24/7,
that they lose sight of their strategic.
Okay, are we taking the right
direction as a team or how or
is what I am directing my teams to do?
Hoping further move us towards sort
of our larger organizational goals.
And in fact, I think a lot of
times I will find myself thinking,
why am I doing this in the first place?
Like I'll have my head in
a spreadsheet for example, and
then realize I've been staring at numbers
just because I feel like if I can get them
to add up to a certain number,
I'll feel better.
But that ultimately the half hour has been
a tactic without any kind of a strategy or
goal that it's just been
a complete waste of my time or
without that doesn't sit within,
I should say, an objective.
All these words, okay.
So now, remember I showed this earlier and
I said a list of stuff
to do is not a strategy.
Now that you've identified your core
objectives, now is when we get all our
tactics together to meet those objectives,
okay?
Yeah, you can't have these because
they don't map up to a strategy.
That's a little joke.
There's no specificity there.
And then success metric measures
the effectiveness of a tactic.
Okay, so
really easy example is open rate on email.
That is gonna, your tactic was
to send an email newsletter.
The open rate is the metric to define
whether or not it worked, okay?